Hello one and all, welcome once again to the Meltdown Comics Theater of Nerd Melty Towns.
From Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Once you please keep those applause going and welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming out.
Why so many people?
It's like a record crowd, I think.
I don't know if we've ever, maybe it's just because there's lighting back there or something.
It's a big crowd.
Yeah.
Alright, let's give them what they're worth.
Let's make sure they walk out of here going, I spent $10 and got $20 worth.
How do we make sure that happens?
We just fuck them.
Alright, line up on the right.
Alright, so a couple things.
I just want to, I mean, we had our charity event here today.
We had the 826LA charity event.
And as far as I understand it, it's a good charity.
I'm told.
I'm assuming I'm not going to find out that it's like a charity that goes to fund windowless white vans.
From what I hear, it sounds like exactly my kind of charity.
Because I've always said, I mean, yes, there's hungry people.
Yes, there's poor people.
Yes, there's people with horrible diseases battling them all the time.
There's a million, billion, trillion, zillion ways to try in vain to spread your money if you have a penny to spare around the planet to try to make the planet a better place to try to break the cycle of agony.
However, in my tiny little bubble of existence, I have always been asked this question.
Why are your writing staffs always a bunch of white dudes from Harvard?
And the answer is always because that's the big pile of scripts that piles up.
And the answer to that, why is that big pile of scripts from white dudes from Harvard?
The answer is because those people have support systems, those people are willing and able to spend 15 years pursuing the agonizing field of writing while their parents support them.
And thanks because their parents told them it's possible for you to be a writer, et cetera, et cetera.
It all trickles back to this idea that when you're in sixth grade, did anyone ever come to you?
Did anyone ever come to your public school and tell you you could be a writer?
You can do something creative.
You were allowed while you're thinking of being a princess, while you're thinking of being an astronaut.
Have you ever considered the possibility that writer is an occupation and that that doesn't happen?
Now, I don't think that if you tell sixth graders the world over that they should be writers that they're going to then wander into a world where they're totally supported.
But I do think that not enough of them are being told that there's not enough creative activation in the grade school era of your uprising.
As far as I understand about 826, that's what they're doing.
They're injecting themselves into that part of the genome and trying to change something there.
Saying to 11-year-old kids, write something, create something.
They break the cycle there.
So we raised just tons of money today for them, and hopefully that'll go to something good.
But look them up, Google it, and actually, you know what?
I shouldn't have babbled about it because we have people here from it, and I wanted to ask them personally if I'm right about that.
They're going to come up and say, no, that's not true.
We've been working on biofuel.
You got it all wrong.
Did you have a teacher, Dan, like the first teacher or somebody that supported your writing as a kid, or are your brain as a child?
You know, I did.
I grew up in the 70s in Milwaukee, and every time I expressed an interest in reading and writing, there was somebody,
whether it was my mom or some well-meaning teacher, there was somebody that said,
holy fuck, they always responded that way.
I don't know why you guys are laughing at that.
I'm saying that is a thing that doesn't happen for everybody, and it may very well be.
As far as I know, that may be why I ended up being halfway decent at what I do.
It may be just hypnosis.
But there's a story you might have told before in Harmontown about you being, like, you were separated and went into that little room.
Yeah.
In the 70s, it was still okay to, like, grab kids that showed an interest in stuff, and you yanked them out of general pop,
and you threw them into a closet, and you said, okay, how smart are you?
Show us.
And they still did that with me back then.
And I was, like, a weirdo, and they cranked me up, and then they threw me back in when Reagan got elected.
And then I was like, ah, stop, why are you hitting me?
No, it was, yeah, it was tracking.
There's a sinister side to it and a humanitarian side to it.
I think that the bottom line is, like, kids, you can't farm them.
You cannot form education.
It doesn't work.
You have to, like, every single tiny little human brain is a, the whole thing that's for sale with the human species is diversity.
It's the idea that every little cranium contains not another kernel of popcorn, but in fact a potential Picasso.
And it doesn't, that doesn't make it shameful if the thing that pops is a delightful garbage man.
That's not shameful.
What's shameful is treating them all the same.
That's what's shameful.
You have to regard every pre-Picasso brain as if it might be a Picasso.
So Dan, are you pro-life?
No, maybe not.
Then it gets more complicated.
Once the sperm hits the egg, fuck that thing, flush it down the toilet.
But for God's sakes, once it's got a head, I don't know.
Anyways, I roll into this stuff early because we, so why don't we, let's just bring up Tyler.
Where's Tyler?
Is he in the front row?
There you are.
Are you willing to come up?
There you go, coming up.
Grab a mic and have a seat.
Did I get, what did I get wrong when I, Tyler is one of the, you were there at the beginning of 826, what became 826LA?
You were there in San Francisco?
Yes.
Yeah, I was, I feel so old now thinking about this because I haven't had to think about it.
12 years ago, right around now, I was the first, one of the first students at 826 Valencia.
It was a clap, that was adorable.
I don't know why I should get a clap, but.
So you were one of the first students, does that mean you were one of the first beneficiaries of 826's existence?
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay, so you were one of the founding members of this charity, you were one of the first kids that benefited from this.
Yeah, yeah, and it was started by Dave Eggers at San Francisco.
He's the author.
Thank you.
Yeah, he's a Pulitzer Prize finalist for Heartbreak and Work of Staggering Genius.
He wrote the script for Where the Wild Things Are, the movie, done work with Spike Jonze, many things like that.
But the guy that wrote the book, Where the Wild Things Are, he started a much better charity.
It's more pure, it's more beloved.
It's called 937.
Not that we can measure these things, but yes, it's called 937 Earth.
It's a higher number.
Yeah.
Earth.
But yeah, I guess the biggest thing for anyone to take away, and I do know, because I was introduced by Harmontown just by finding it online,
that there's so many people around the world listening to this right now, when they do listen to it in the future,
that 826 is not just LA, it is not just San Francisco.
It is eight cities in the U.S.
They are always looking for volunteers.
Just for 2012, 2013 year, they served 34,000 students.
They had over 4,000 volunteers nationwide, but they are always looking for more.
So it's not just your money, that they would always love your money, and if you ever want to spend that,
each store across the nation has their own niche market that they like to sell things to.
Here, if you happen to be a time traveler, their storefront is for time travelers.
San Francisco is a pirate supply store.
I believe Chicago is a robot supply store.
New York is for superheroes.
And I mean, at the root of it is tutoring, right?
Yes.
It is creative writing and tutoring.
It's a thinking man's boy's center.
When I was a kid, it was like, keep the kids off the street, try to keep them in a gang.
There was like, what were those things called?
YMCA's?
Well, is it YMCA or?
Boys Club.
Boys Clubs, yeah.
I was in a boys club as a kid.
I don't know under what circumstances, but I do know.
Desire.
I was the connect for a champion.
That's awesome.
That's how low budget that boys club was.
I don't sell you some short.
I'm sure if it was global, you would still be.
I'm sure you're really good at connect for it.
No, but we didn't play rugby.
We played connect for.
No, but I bet you're really good at connect for it.
Oh, there's two things I'm great at.
Connect three.
Connect four.
I will challenge anybody to connect four or boggle.
I will beat you.
I will beat you at boggle.
I believe you.
I have you.
No, also, that said, Dan, I will tell you right now.
Here's the couple that I'm bad at.
I'm terrible at foosball and ping pong.
I can see that.
Just based on tonight, you're terrible at bragging.
Oh, I haven't begun to brag yet.
No, you're getting better than that.
Tyler, it's just me or Tyler, little Jason Zidekis.
Do you see this?
It's a little bit.
I don't know if that's a compliment.
Oh, it is.
Oh, yeah.
He's dating Olivia Wilde.
All right, so you were a little fella and you,
how did you encounter 826?
Like, you were where?
I was in the East Bay and I read Dave's book.
And it did quite a lot for me in terms of his honesty.
And what I found so amazing about today is that two of my favorite things came together
and that I think you and Dave actually share the same host mentality of pure honesty.
But I'm better than him.
Yes.
I'm assuming.
Of course.
Okay, all right.
It's not important.
I don't know.
I mean, through his scales.
You're assuming.
Yeah.
And yeah, I just signed for a class online.
I took a summer course with him for, I think, 12 weeks.
And yeah, it was an amazing experience.
Dave in contact and it's helped me for the last decade.
So since the last decade, I mean, thousands of students have been helped
reading, writing, tutoring, some famous celebrities help out kids that they don't need to.
You know, they're not paid to do so.
Spike Jonze helps out a lot.
Nina Ve and many, many people in the writing circles.
If you go in there and tutor a kid, like my biggest dream is like to do something that I felt like I could,
you know, I want to feel good about myself.
And yet I don't want to talk to people.
I don't want to go near people.
I don't want to help a kid.
Not really.
Not in a physical sense.
The kids like, I need help.
Checkbook.
I want to.
You want to not help a kid.
I don't want to.
What I don't want to do is tell the kid, like, is help a kid that would be me at 11, 12.
Like, the kid that would be me would be like, fuck you, old piece of shit.
Like, why am I, I want to go play my Commodore 64 at home.
And I'm sure that's not still a problem.
No.
I'm sure they've grown beyond that.
We've solved the Commodore 64 problem.
Thank God.
Is there an archetypal kid that you would want to help?
Like, if you could imagine the kind of kid that you would.
It's the kid.
It's me.
But it's the same kid that would be hard to help.
This dirty face little piece of shit.
Anybody, let alone anybody that was telling him what to do.
I grew up, like, hating adults, not wanting anybody to tell me what to do.
I needed somebody to.
I valued very much my parents when telling me my mom was unconditionally supportive of
me creatively.
Like, if I did anything, my mom was like, holy shit, that's amazing that you're doing that.
I don't think that's something a lot of people have.
But at school, if somebody told me what to do, like, fuck you.
Like karate chop.
Like, every mental karate chop ever.
Anyway, so what have you, since you were a beneficiary of this, have you become a benefactor of
it, aside from the fact that you came to the sale today and spend untold millions?
Oh yes, it wasn't noted, but you're welcome for all the cake.
Have you become active in the...
Sadly, I moved away from the country for a couple years, and even now I don't live
nearby.
You went to Russia, didn't you?
Because you got taught to be a communist by this horrible socialist organization.
I went to the first world, the second world, and now I'm in the third world, technically.
So that's what happens.
But no, no, even for what you were noting, if you don't necessarily want to be in front
of a child and tell them what to do, I mean, the thing that...
I can understand it.
It's a very odd situation.
They're frightening people, children.
Oh yeah.
I mean, the thing that actually inspired me the most is that on the walls, at least in
San Francisco, writers would donate their first, second, and third versions of scripts
or books, and you would see famous names like Coppola on his script, and he would just
axe out huge portions of it, and it was supposed to instill in kids this idea that even some
of these luminaries do not get it right.
You were always working.
That's cool.
It doesn't matter what your name is.
And I never met any of these people.
You could just walk up and see someone's name that you knew, and you realized that it's
not always right the first time.
Yeah, yeah.
I would love to...
Yeah.
God damn it.
As long as I don't have to touch them or look them in the eye, I will...
Why are you afraid of children?
I can't do it.
Kids don't like me.
Some kids like me...
Do you know that?
It's really touch and go with me.
Dino's kid, when she was a little larva...
Toddler.
I could...
I would go like...
Mr. Flappy Arms, Mr. Flappy Arms, and she'd be like...
She loved it.
And now she's like 15 or something, and she's got the cell phone, and she's just rolling
her eyes, and I can't even...
You're afraid of 13-year-old Dino's daughter right now?
Kids who are really actually cognitively active.
But why is a kid more or less frightening than an adult?
Because they're able to judge me.
Well, adults are too, right?
Well, yeah.
But adults are co-opted by me financially.
I own all of them.
Most kids don't have a filter.
So you're afraid of children because you don't own them yet?
Correct.
Yes.
Like, Willy Wonka works for me.
The girl that turns into a blueberry, she's still got something over me because she doesn't
understand finance yet.
I'm figuring this out at the same time as you are.
I guess that's what it is.
I think we're going to agree that we haven't figured that we're not yet.
I skipped a step.
I skipped being good at football and went right to owning things.
But we've talked about the fact that you're not good with...
You're not comfortable around strangers or other people for that matter,
but are children more frightening than adults?
Teenage children.
Yeah.
I don't think there's anybody in this room that's like,
I love teenagers.
Except in the most horrible sense.
There's eight.
That guy, that guy.
But I mean, like, teenagers are, for a good reason.
We send them to war and we worship them.
And we are looking to them and they don't know anything.
They're like this monolith of energy.
Everything comes off of them.
And they don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Capitalism almost like really fucks them over in that sense.
The baby boomers celebrate that day when the fucking Beatles played on Ed Sullivan or whatever.
That's their big day.
Bigger than the moon landing.
You see more footage of the fucking Beatles playing on Ed Sullivan
than you see of some yahoo landing on the moon.
Fucking moon is a fucking thing.
A rock far away.
How many times like Robert Zemeckis thinks that the Beatles playing on Ed Sullivan is a bigger deal.
Forrest Gump, if you read the book,
it has a whole chapter where he goes to the moon, by the way.
What?
They took it out of the movie.
No.
Because it's not interesting to baby boomers.
There's no book.
They will mention it passing that they landed on the moon.
Forrest Gump is a fucking book.
Are you kidding me?
Is it a book?
Somebody tell this asshole, Forrest Gump is a book.
Forrest Gump is a book, motherfucker!
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Yes, Forrest Gump was a book.
And in the book, for-
He goes to the moon?
Yes.
Forrest Gump-
In the moon.
In the Forrest Gump book.
Forrest Gump is legitimately like down syndrome.
No.
What do you mean no?
Three people said no.
Well, okay.
Forrest Gump is pretty much labeled as legitimately.
It's pretty clear that he is like really low 90s IQ.
Like he's like sub-Belushi.
Like this.
I don't know what the politically correct term is.
Sub-Belushi.
The book takes you through all of the interesting shit.
He throws his medal, the congressional medal, the thing.
In the book, for instance, he takes his purple heart
and he throws it on the steps of the Capitol building
and he hits a senator in the head.
That senator's name?
Forrest Gump.
I'm saying in the book, it's more inflammatory.
It's more passionate.
It's like Cormac McCarthy, like the version of Forrest Gump.
Did you read this book?
Yes, I did.
I thought you didn't read books.
I know, but sometimes I just grab one and just leave through it.
The one book you read was Forrest Gump.
I'll page through them.
I don't qualify it as reading.
I just think, okay.
I read Forrest Gump.
He goes into space in the book.
I don't want to spend the whole podcast.
I swear to God.
Google it.
He goes to space.
Here's my point.
The baby boomers who took over this planet
and who are bulging it with garbage and corn syrup
and fucking these narcissistic maniacs,
these people who've destroyed everything
and who are telling us that we should be honored to follow
in their footsteps, they landed on the moon.
They always tell us that.
But what they're really, really proud of is like,
fucking Ed Sullivan show.
He loves you.
Yeah.
Garbage.
Garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage.
I can't remember why we were on this topic.
You hate teenagers.
Yeah.
We were trying to help the teenagers.
Teenagers.
Okay.
The idea that teenagers are an entity.
The idea that teenagers in spite of not being old enough
to go to war, not being old enough to drink,
not being old enough to drive a car,
are somehow this center of capitalism.
That is a baby boomer invention because they were that age
when they became sentient.
And we are living in the shadow of that fucking gross willow tree.
And that results in all of us going on YouTube,
48-year-old people telling Miley Cyrus that she's a slut
in the comment section.
Like, let her be a slut.
What the fuck did she do wrong?
She's a fucking teenager.
Let her be a teenager either,
and fucking Justin Bieber.
I'm on his side.
I'm still on his side.
No.
I'm still pro-Beber.
Why are you pro-Beber?
I'm a believer.
He's a little douchebag.
No.
He doesn't have a right to be a douchebag or not.
He's a fucking child.
And it's capitalism.
Capitalism that you hate.
It's not Justin Bieber.
It's capitalism.
I've seen him on camera.
He's that fucking little asshole.
Capitalism.
No.
He would just be some kid at your fucking Thanksgiving.
Not true.
If he weren't for capitalism.
He shouldn't give people that much money.
He didn't earn it.
He's a mousketeer.
Just cut him off.
Just tell him you danced enough.
You did it.
You're great.
Give him a go-kart.
Put a fucking cap on it.
He gets his go-kart.
He wouldn't have known.
Everything you see him doing, he's saying to America,
why did I get more than a go-kart?
Why?
Why is my go-kart $800,000?
Why does it go so fast?
Why can it kill people?
Why are my Pop Rocks cocaine?
It's your fault.
You don't have a culture.
You don't have a fucking religion.
You are a garbage.
You are capitalism.
You have a fucking bedrock of money.
And it says, in God we trust and the God is spelled with dollar signs,
even though there's no S in it.
None of you get to blame him for anything.
You sit on the fucking internet jerking off with one hand
and making fun of Justin Bieber with the other.
You're not doing anything.
He's a child.
What would you do with a billion dollars?
What would you do?
He's 19, though.
He's gorgeous.
And he's a genius.
I think you buried the lead on that one.
Give a billion dollars to anybody in this room, including me.
See how we handle it.
This fucking poor Canadian schmuck.
The behavior that we engage in,
48-year-old housewives with eight cats on their shoulders
sitting on their laptop with fucking stains on their sofa.
Yeah, I need Justin Bieber's needs to understand his value system.
The fuck are you talking about, you fucking idiot?
The fuck do you think your taxes go to?
Fucking focus your rage on something productive.
Follow the money you retied.
Shit, sorry.
Edit it out. Edit it out.
No, leave it.
It stays.
No, no, no.
But it's interesting that Justin Bieber is the tipping point for your rage.
It is. It is.
Because I see him. They put him on TMZ and he's in that deposition.
Yeah, but when he talks to you, he's all the way...
I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing.
And they're like editing around.
There's a dude that's like 53 years old sitting in an avid deck
and setting in points and out points
on a fucking Canadian teenager's deposition
so that he can make $80 from TMZ,
giving them clips of this kid.
Are we fucking out of our mind?
If you were a caveman, how would you react to that?
How would you react to a tribe if you came over the hill
and found them engaged in that behavior?
You would eat them.
You would take their water.
You would take everything they had.
And you would never look back.
You'd take their cave. You'd take their animals.
You'd take everything. And you would never look back.
Ever. You would erase their cave art.
And you wouldn't feel bad.
You'd be like, they didn't mean it.
They did it wrong. They fucked up.
They're idiots. They're a strain of our DNA that fucked up.
They care too much about this kid.
You gotta fucking respect your elders and love your children
and further the species.
We fucked up. We're dead.
Anyways, so 8-2-6-LA.
It's for the kids.
And it's going to teach them how to write.
So Dan, you wouldn't want to mentor a teenager, right?
I would.
The first thing I would do is send them down and say,
look, according to NASA, we have 40 years left.
I just read this on the internet.
According to NASA, what?
We've got 40 years left.
On this planet. Now, I will say this.
Conflict of interest with NASA.
NASA released a report that said,
can't live on this planet for more than 40 years.
Based on population.
This is a company that profits if we leave the planet.
So I will say that.
However, we did give them nothing to do.
Think about their shit.
Malthusian, like...
It's ozone. It's a confluence of everything.
It's ozone and it's tidal waves and pickles are getting bigger.
Bees are turning into potatoes.
I would say you and I at age 40 and you're 41.
No, we nailed it.
We're going to write that wave right into the beach.
That's what I'm saying.
When I heard that, I came over to the Rick and Morty register and they were like,
do you hear it? NASA said we got 40 years left and I was like...
I'm the bad guy in a ski movie.
I nailed it.
In my dreams, I'll make it to that.
My kid will be 10.
I'll be like, so long, Toby.
You're done good.
You're kids named Toby?
Because you're a big Roots fan.
It's better than Aaron's riffs.
Saffron and fucking...
Cormac.
Cormac?
For real?
It's the new Hunter.
We'll bring her out soon.
Tyler?
Tyler, would you shut the fuck up for three seconds?
Sorry, sorry.
I've just been rambling and going on and on and on.
Tyler, what does a 28-year-old Harmontown fan that's listening in...
Let's say Seattle.
Because there's this LA tag on 826LA.
We're doing things locally.
What do they do?
I'll tell you.
Yeah, so anyone can go to 826national.org.
It's 826national.org.
And that website will tell you everything you can do for any city in the U.S. that has an 826.
And they can volunteer their time.
They can tutor kids ages 6 to 18.
They can help with field trips.
They can literally sit down and read a book with someone.
It's all the things you don't want to do.
Yeah, but an objective says...
One of the coolest things is they bring kids into these field trips, into these local centers.
And the kids get to write a book and they leave that day with a bound book that they wrote.
Which is...
Dan, I think...
I don't think you can dismiss the power of that to a kid.
I think you should do it.
I'm not like being challenging you.
I'm saying go face your fears.
Pick an age from 6 to 18, you say?
No, I will do it. I'm going to do it.
Yeah, I'm going to do it.
And I would say...
I don't care what age group you pick or what kid you get.
I would say that it will impact you in a good way. I guarantee it.
I'll do whatever I can.
I mean, I've been aching for...
I need to be...
Yeah, I don't know.
Yes, I have that part of my soul that's been decaying.
It's obviously where a limb is supposed to be growing and reaching out.
And I hope you get like a 17-year-old girl who...
Wow, okay.
Who on site doesn't like the cut of your jib.
That's a good six years on ABC this fall.
That sounds amazing.
All right, well, let's thank Tyler for coming up and representing 826.
Thank you, sir.
It's a beneficiary of that organization.
And he came today and he bought a lot of shit to benefit that charity.
Which may put people off. They're like, well, what are you, like some kind of insect hive?
Do you just train people to...
Are you like Scientologists?
Oh, yeah, so you're a beneficiary of the charity and you put money back into the charity forever.
He was one of the original kids and he got all kinds of cool swag today.
How much money did you waste today?
Can you say? Or is that bad?
Well, lots and lots. I don't know.
There was donations that came in just because we raised awareness of the charity.
There was, we had a nice garage sale today.
We're really, you know, 50 cents for this, for my Tootsie DVD.
And there was also, I was walking around with a sign around my neck that Erin put around me.
That said, $50 to do a shot with Dan Harmon.
And some of these people took me up on that, I think.
We raised, we raised, we raised quite a bit.
It was good. It was a good day for them and us and America and God.
And Hostess Twinkies.
So, okay.
So while I was, while I was, while I was at this event today, this garage sale,
I don't usually pay attention to this stuff.
But I walked around the room and I saw a thing on the table and I was like,
oh, that's funny that Erin's got a book about Sinbad's advice on comedy.
She had, she had a book that, she had a book that was like the comedy Bible advice from.
It's a Jerry Seinfeld, Paul Reiser, George Carlin, George Wallace.
I just like, like, rattle off. What's it?
Comedy Insights. And the cover, it's just like this two column list of people.
And I swear to God, every single person on that list is you can, you can let it go.
And then just like right in the middle of it, it says Sinbad.
And I, and I was like, that's kind of funny.
It kind of makes Sinbad feel like a contest winner, like after all this time.
I took a, took an Instagram picture of it and I was like, I was going to make this tweet where I'm like,
I don't know, my tweet was going to be like, eh, fuck Sinbad.
You know, let's just sum it up like that.
And I went and sat over there, there was a chair there.
It was one of my chairs that hadn't been sold yet.
And I sat there in the chair and I started to engineer this Instagram slash tweet.
And I was about to fire off and this wave came over me that we all call deja vu,
which I wanted to talk about a little bit because I suddenly had this incredible sense.
Sometimes you get deja vu where you're kind of standing in a kitchen and like,
I get swear I had this conversation before.
I had a huge one today. I had a deja vu that went on for like, like three minutes to seem like,
like I get deja vu a lot.
I was filled with like, like you get, you get little ones where you're like,
eh, I feel like I've been in this kitchen talking to this hipster about the fact that the government's bullshit.
Like, how do you know that that didn't happen already?
I mean, you've been high for two weeks.
Like, it probably did happen.
I was sitting in this chair in this weird, like everything was so, such a freaky thing.
The concept of deja vu, I'm not a spiritually, I'm a spiritual person.
I believe in like, some kind of relationship with the unknown.
I choose to personify the unknown.
I choose to have a relationship with the things I don't understand.
Otherwise, I'm going to go into a McDonald's with a machine gun.
But that's something I choose and it doesn't, that has nothing to do with evidence.
I'm not Fox Mulder.
I choose precisely the opposite reason.
We will use this particular episode of this podcast as evidence when you do kill people.
Go ahead, I'll be dead.
I mean, I guarantee you, when I kill all of you, I'm going to do it in a way that takes me out too.
Thank you.
I have more respect than my predecessors.
Weird signature for it, but all right.
They know, they're like, I want to be killed by a guy who has the balls to kill himself.
I respect that.
Too soon?
Too close?
Too far?
Too...
Possible?
Too something.
Too plausible.
Speaking of two everything, Anatoly is wearing a Christmas wreath in his head.
There's a young lady behind you.
I guess she can see me.
Like I said earlier, he's dressed as Puck from Midsummer Night's Dream for some reason.
He's dressed as Puck from Midsummer Night's Dream in Dead Poets Society.
The kid who killed himself.
Oh, Neil! Oh, Neil! My boy!
Can you fly, Bobby?
Kurt Woodsmith, shout outs.
All right, anyways.
What was I talking about?
I don't know. I'm not killing everybody.
Deja vu.
I wasn't going to drink, but I'm going to crack up in this Raphael's...
I could have sworn to God.
Okay, this is just like...
I was filled with the sensation that if I had clicked send or tweaked or whatever the button says,
okay, you gotcha.
You gotcha.
GoPro, whatever it says.
Teddy Bear, I don't know what...
Are you on a Samsung?
You see Samsung?
You gotcha Samsung, right?
You gotcha Samsung. That's what the button says.
You gotcha.
I was absolutely convinced that if I did it, I was going to die.
And I didn't do it.
There's no note. You don't have to clap.
Because you're having deja vu?
Because the deja vu was that convincing.
I was actually that convinced that I was living in some weird nexus of time and space.
And then part of my memory of sitting...
I was sitting there, and I was looking this way,
and I was looking at an image of a bunch of weird shit on a table.
That was like a weird grad sale thing, and I was looking at a tweet that I was about to click send on.
And I had this sudden sense...
I had this memory of like a dream that I had when I was a kid of that image.
Which I didn't understand at the time.
Because obviously there was no...
This space didn't exist.
So I was remembering a memory that I remembered having when I was younger of this same space.
But I also remembered not understanding what any of it meant.
But I also remembered that I was about to click send on something on this device in my hand.
Which in my memory didn't make any sense because it didn't exist in my childhood.
But that when I clicked send, I was going to die.
So I didn't click send.
So the question is, is Sinbad's publicist God?
Which would explain his presence on the cover of that book.
I think Sinbad is a universal context.
I used to have deja vu twice a day every day for a long time.
And deja vu is the one that went on for a long, long time.
I tried to look into it, and I've heard it explained that it's an iron deficiency.
It's a...
So I need to eat more iron?
More spinach and shit.
Spinach?
Although spinach, the reason why people think spinach is iron heavy, it was a typo.
It was supposed to be spinach.
There was something like... I don't know what year it was, but there was something where...
Early days of the FDA, but before that, they typed up how much iron spinach had in it.
And there was a typo of a decimal point, and it made it seem like spinach had a zillions of iron.
It doesn't.
It doesn't have more iron than most green vegetables.
It was just a typo and a thing, but that got lots of press, and that's why they ate lots of spinach.
But back to my point.
It was explained to me that deja vu is because I have so many of them.
When I have them, I've been here, and I can predict the future.
The guy is going to walk in.
Oh, shit, there's the guy.
You're seeing a guy walk in, but your synapses are firing twice.
It's like a hiccup.
So it feels like your brain is falling.
But here's the fucking...
But when the synapse fires the second time, it's sensing it for the first time, and the first time it happens,
it's been stored as subconscious memory, which doesn't have a date stamp on it.
That's the crate! That's it!
That's what happened.
It felt like I was eight years old and dreamt it.
You're going into a drawer in your subconscious mind that has no date stamp.
It's just this weird grab bag of stuff that it feels like a dream, a childhood memory.
It happened a split second before, or a nanosecond.
So your entire life is like your mom's rubber stamp collection.
Tell me more about this.
My mom collects rubber stamps.
She's got a snowflake for Christmas.
She can bring it out every Christmas, but if she chooses to, she can bring it out for Mother's Day.
She doesn't give a fuck.
It's whatever you dip into ink.
It's just like fucking stamps.
Your brain has stamps, and it just goes...
You used a royal Wii on that one.
Okay, my mom's crazy.
It has a rubber stamp collection.
I'm saying your brain is fucking...
It's origami.
It can fold in on itself.
Our perception of reality is based on, oh, this happened, and then this happened.
But we, in those fleeting moments, we can feel like something happened an indeterminate time ago.
And if you killed somebody...
Here we go again.
If you killed somebody, and then someone came up behind you and hit you in the head with a shovel,
and then you woke up in a hospital bed, and no one...
Somehow the person you killed tumbled out a ditch, and they fell into a tar pit,
and they sank, and they didn't have family, and no one cared.
Let's just say...
They were a babysitter that you got on Craigslist, and you looked into it,
and no one knew she was at your house.
And you were in the Lower Bray area, and it's filled with tar.
No, I'm doing a bit on the side.
Are you planning a murder?
I'm saying theoretically, you hit someone in the head with a shovel,
they tumbled down a pit, into a tar pit, they sink down.
And you, at the same time, your friend comes up behind you and goes like...
What are you doing?
You're missing the party!
And they've got such a static charge on their feet that when they touch your shoulder, you get amnesia.
This is a theoretical construct for the purposes of an existential...
Do you understand if a tree falls in the forest and no one's there to hear it?
I'm saying one of these things.
This is all in Forrest Gump's book, right?
So you wake up in a hospital, you don't remember this person who fell into a tar pit.
No one else does.
That you killed.
You never remember that you did it.
Why? Because the guys...
Because your brain stopped working.
Because of the static amnesia.
Do I really have to be such a sci-fi wizard that I have to construct a device, a helmet that comes over your head?
I'm saying if you don't remember, and while you're not remembering, that person stops existing,
so you don't remember yourself, so you wake up in a world where you killed this person,
but you don't remember that you did it and no one ever knows that you did it.
Did you just walk around, you're at the water cooler, like, hey, Gladys?
Whoa, how about those Packers?
Don't go there!
And you're, like, getting mad, too?
You would be getting mad about, like, someone would go,
hey, did you hear Steve cheated on the billiards pool or whatever the fucking office,
I don't know what these office people are talking about.
You'd be like, he did what?
He, whoa, that's not fucking cool.
He shouldn't do that.
Like, you'd be mad.
I'm mad.
I have no idea what's going on.
It's just, this is the human condition.
If you don't remember, where's this guy going?
He's going to take that bad of shit.
Alright, that's fine.
I don't mean to shame you, I'm not trying to shame you.
I met this woman now, her name is Alice Flatterty.
She's a famous, crazy doctor from Harvard.
From made-up name world.
Alice Flatterty.
You can look her up and she's a...
Okay, let's all look her up.
Alice Flatterty.
Harvard, I think she's the chief chair of neurology there,
and she teaches at Harvard.
She's the head of neurology at Boston General, I think.
And I met her and she's a little, like, tiny little gal,
and she walks on the tip of her toes,
and she's hyper-graphic, and she writes down
everything she thinks about.
Like, I've read about her, and I met her,
and I said something about, like,
I was telling some story, and she wrote it down on her arm,
and I said, will you pull up your sleeve?
And she was like, really?
She pulled her sleeve up, and she had writing
all up her arm, and she's hyper-graphic.
She has crayons, like, a certain kind of crayon
that she can write in the shower.
Her shower in her place is nothing but writing,
and her ceilings in her house,
a bunch of bulletin boards hung, like, next to each other,
so she can put, like, post-it notes on it
to create more surface area.
She's hyper-graphic, and she is a walking CAT scan,
and she, like, can walk into a room full of people,
and she can see something going on with people,
and she was like, wait, did you ever go scuba diving?
Well, yeah.
Okay, you have temperature reversal.
You touch a certain kind of coral,
and she just reads people's minds and stuff like that,
and I was telling a story about how I fainted once,
and she goes, wait, she overheard me.
I wasn't telling her, I was telling somebody else.
She goes, you fainted once?
Well, how old were you?
I go 22 or 3?
She goes, had you just peed?
And I said, yeah, I had just peed.
She goes, oh, thank God, and walked away.
Thank God!
She just left you with that.
She's been emailing her ever since.
What did you mean?
Well, I did a pilot for a TV show that never aired
for, I think, a TBS or something,
and it was about her, about another crazy doctor,
but she's for real, and she's wonderfully brilliant.
There was an actor in a scene where I was playing a neurologist,
and an actor was brought in on a gurney,
and he had a brainstem herniation.
He was a farmer, and this is based on a real thing,
had touched a electrified fence,
and had a pacemaker, and it gave him a brainstem herniation,
whatever that is.
And so she was there with a bunch of other cast crew,
lighting people, doctors.
They all got it?
No, sorry.
We're all in a hospital room, in a working hospital,
where they shoot like Grey's Anatomy,
which is next to a real hospital,
and she was talking to this actor who's a really good,
like maybe late 50s, early 60s actor,
laying on a gurney, and she goes,
okay, what would happen in this?
You'd be on your back, and your back would be arched,
and your toes would be pointed,
like arched and pointed together,
and your teeth would be gridded,
and you'd be screaming gibberish.
And so she goes, try that.
And so the actor goes,
and he does it, and she goes,
oh, God, I want to cut your brain up.
I don't want to fucking do this.
She explained to me later on, she's like,
neurologists are, we're not like therapists.
We're werewolves.
We want brains.
Your brain is a crossword puzzle,
and we just want to figure it out.
She's like, your brain is so fascinating.
She's like, Jeff, when you talk,
and you do this with your hands,
she goes, she would say, when you wake up in the morning,
do you do this, this, this, this, this?
Yeah, because the way you,
everything you do with your hands,
she can explain your whole life to you.
It's really weird.
So this actor turns back, and he's doing it perfectly.
Like seizure, and what would happen is
your back would go all the way up off the gurney,
and your eyes would go straight down
to where we couldn't even see your irises.
It would just be white with your eyes looking straight down.
So look down as far as you can.
So the guy is doing it, I'm standing right next to him,
because I'm in the scene, his eyes go straight down,
but they're only like half, like,
you can still see half of his iris.
And she goes, no, no, look all the way down.
Yeah, I can't even do it.
I'm trying to do it, and I can't do it.
Because you, and so this,
she's like 4'11", you know,
she's like, you can't look any further down than that.
And the actor's like,
I'm looking down as far as I can, she goes,
and there's 25 people in the room.
And she goes, you have seven weeks.
Even weirder, even way weirder.
She looks at him, and I'm sitting right next to her,
and looking down at this actor on the gurney,
and she goes, you can't look any further down than that?
And he goes, I'm looking as far down as I can,
and she goes, hmm.
When you were, like, really little,
maybe like four or five or six years old,
somebody fell, and you were looking down at it,
but you don't want to look down anymore.
What would you remember that?
And the guy goes, I have no idea what you're talking about.
So this was a CW show.
No, no.
This was for real.
It was for real.
And also, some of the people in the room
are actual medical, like, the people that are consultants
that are there to make sure that you're doing it
right in a hospital setting.
And everybody goes fucking silent,
and she goes, now look down, and his eyes go all the way down.
And then she goes, I want to talk to you later about that.
And everybody, like, all the fucking hair
on the back of my neck stood up.
And I talked to her later, and she goes,
the brain is this thing that, if you touch it,
it feels like toothpaste.
It's this weird, massive goop in our heads.
And we'll never understand it.
But she can walk into it and go, like,
you went scuba diving once.
And we made a bad pilot.
Yeah.
She wasn't able to, like,
your eyes are looking at the TV.
What are you seeing?
American Idol.
They're able to look away.
What are you watching?
A weird crap with no explanation.
I have to say, the code of this is amazing.
We did this thing, and she's like,
you guys are, like, you actors, you guys are so funny.
It's like, you're the worst neurologist in the world.
You are not doing it right.
I was like, why?
She said, because neurologists were bad with people.
We only want to solve the puzzle of the human brain.
We are not good with human interaction.
But you guys, you come into a scene,
and you touch the other actor who's going through this thing.
You walk in, and you put your hand on the shoulder.
You smile.
And she's like, we know that you can reverse engineer
happiness by smiling.
You can actually tell people, like, raise your cheeks up,
and it actually creates joy.
You can reverse engineer happiness through faking smiles.
She's like, we know that, but we're bad at it.
So she wrote an article about how actors
taught her to be a better neurologist.
And so there's a picture of me in the Harvard Medical Journal.
All right.
Yes.
Let's bring out my betrothed Erin McGathy.
Hello.
I wanted to bring you out because I feel like you helped out
a little bit in today's charity.
Dan, you did most of the lifting today.
Yeah.
I mean, I definitely, I was the reason why everything
happened today.
No, I'm kidding.
Aaron is the absolutely the, I wish I could show everybody
a slideshow of all the times Aaron tried to make me lift
a finger for any of this.
And I reminded her of the deal we had from the get go,
which was you do whatever you want.
I will show up on Sunday.
But if at any point you asked me to do anything,
I am going to yell at you and be mean to you.
And I held to that because I'm a hero.
No.
You sell yourself short.
You were great.
You did a lot.
May I share my favorite theory about deja vu,
which I think is one of the more popular theories about why
deja vu happens is that your brain is simply mistaking the
present for the past, meaning that like there's something that
goes wrong in your brain.
And often like people experience deja vu before seizures.
Did you just put the goucher on me?
Can we all just watch Jeff with spoons in our pockets?
I'm joking.
It's all because people used to put spoons in people's
mouths, seizures.
Anyway, but the idea that your brain,
it's just like a neurological misfire.
The idea that your brain can actually be like,
no, this happened before.
But it's the idea that we have a condition in our brain that
just says.
Yeah.
I think what Jeff was describing, it's sort of like the engine
is kind of like, it's a backfire.
Like when you're in, when your muffler goes,
pop, it's because like something's happening with the
pistons, your engine is going, that's the insane thing is
that like your, our brains are designed to go down these
railroad tracks that we are like, we take for granted,
happen, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.
Like, like, but there's absolutely no reason why a brain
on a railroad track can't, for instance,
just go backward.
If for instance, the entire railroad track should go,
should decide to fold in half.
So something that has more power over the railroad than
the people who built their little railroads.
Like for instance, the God that created the entire planet,
the entire, the force of gravity.
It's so, to me, I've never had a deja vu that wasn't filled
with an absolute like sense of dread.
I didn't click send after the deja vu was over.
I declined to click send on a Sinbad bashing Instagram
because I was so convinced that I had, I had been about
to click send on this Sinbad bashing that I was certain
that when I clicked send, I was going to die.
Iron deficiency.
I just need to eat more Gerritol.
Jeff, what was your friend's name? Alice?
She's, she's, she's, she's a naysitter boots.
I think your admiration of her is really beautiful.
I also think it's really funny that you're just, sorry,
I just spit on you on the toilet.
I think you're like describing, describing her home walking
in and there being things hanging everywhere.
Well, this is just concerning.
This is by her description.
I've never been there.
It's her description of it that she says that like this
hypergraphia thing is called like where you write a lot.
If you are a bad writer and you write everywhere and you write
on every surface, they lock you up.
If you're a good writer and you're hypergraphic,
you're Chaucer, you're Dostoevsky.
There's people that have been hypergraphic throughout
the ages that they cannot stop writing.
And there's a reason why we have these giant tomes by
certain authors.
And she said the greatest thing I ever did was marry a publisher.
But she really does carry a certain kind of pen to write
all the way up her wrists.
But also she's like, she was hospitalized, I believe.
Sucking.
For like self, like she kind of like melted down and
they said you can't like self diagnose yourself.
We have to put you away for a while.
Oh man.
And she's like, no, I can do this.
But she wouldn't sleep and she would build things.
That's why I don't believe in psychiatry or psychology.
Why?
Because there's a disease you can diagnose called being awesome.
They call it superiority complex is a diagnosable thing.
You can go to a qualified doctor and you can tell them how
you feel and they can tell you that you have a diagnosable
thing called superiority complex.
And I'm like, OK, that may be true for an inferior person.
However, you may need to dig deeper than that, parasite.
Actuality complex.
Keep going.
Yes, I have a complex about how superior I am.
Superiority complex isn't superior enough a name for what I have.
Yeah.
But I'm being glib, but that's the failing of studying the mind.
It's a fucking don't laugh.
I mean, do laugh.
I was laughing because you put the mind in quotes.
Well, I'm saying like this idea that you can circumscribe intellect
has this huge feeling.
Everyone that we've ever, everyone that built the world that
we're sitting in.
We're sitting here under lights created by a guy that believed
more than someone else that you could illuminate this room
after sundown.
Most importantly of all, we understand the universe we're
living in because of a guy who didn't believe, unlike everyone
else, that the reason light seems to travel the same speed no
matter what point of departure it has isn't because there's
some unseen jello we all live in called the ether.
It's because E equals MC squared.
That guy was out of his fucking mind.
If Einstein had gone to a therapist, they would have told him
so many times, knock it off.
They would have said like, do you really think thinking that light
is a variable is getting you anywhere?
No, I guess not.
Don't you think you should comb your hair and change your sweater
and fucking go work at Ikea?
Fuck, fuck, fuck therapist.
And I'm not saying that anyone that has a problem with therapy
is going to be Einstein.
I'm just saying, fuck you therapy.
You just hate change.
I don't.
Wait, I love change.
What are you talking about?
I hate change.
Einstein loved change.
He was like, change everything all the time.
He died going, I didn't change enough.
But Stephen Hawking is like, I can't change enough.
Like he's trying to change everything every day.
He's like, oh, fuck my body.
Only my eyeballs can move.
I still want to prove how fucking retarded everything.
God damn it.
I said it again.
Fucking it.
You're especially always trying to soak up.
You've come down pretty hard on retargeting.
My sister's retarded.
So fuck everybody.
You can't keep cashing that chip in, man.
I mean, I gotta try.
I know I can't.
You especially seem to always seek out positive things
to change about yourself.
You just don't like therapists because they're not as smart as you
most of the time because most people aren't as smart.
What more reason do you need?
No, I don't need any.
I agree with you.
I think that's a valid thing.
I don't think it has anything to do with change.
We have a hand shooting up and we like to respect us at Harmontown.
Why is your hand shooting up?
You want me to go for it?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, whoa.
I've been seeing...
Hello there.
My name is Liz.
Hello.
I'm a big fan.
We're in a safe place.
I have been seeing a therapist for four years
and he is much dumber than me.
All right.
I think what you're saying about therapists is something that's untrue.
They don't try to make you act like a normal person.
I think you're a little bit angry because you don't actually have Asperger's
and a therapist would tell you that.
I don't believe that I have Asperger's.
I wouldn't fault anybody for telling me that.
Were you expecting a standing ovation for saying that?
Maybe it's not necessarily about someone being smarter than you,
but it's about...
I think it's...
I haven't found a great therapist
and I don't think it's because I can't find anyone smarter than me,
but I think you have to find someone that works with you.
Wait, wait.
I want to stick to the healthy core of what she's saying.
You're a reasonably intelligent person
and you've been going to a therapist that you feel...
You can sense maybe...
Hopefully he's not listening or she...
You feel like maybe they're...
I've told him this before.
They're dumber than you.
But you're achieving a benefit from meeting with this person.
So explain that.
How that's possible.
How you can go to a therapist that you think is dumber than you
and how that can benefit you.
I have a health insurance from, I think, Anthem
and it covers Adderall Prescription for $5 a month.
So you have a drug dealer.
Yes.
And he's done because he gives you drugs
and you don't need them.
So that's great.
That's what you're saying.
Technically I do need them.
I have ADHD.
He won't diagnose it because he doesn't believe in diagnoses.
I have a million and no questions.
I have negative five questions.
Yank the mic back like a fucking...
But thank you.
Thank you.
So yeah, Adderall's great.
Therapy's fine.
Like everything where I...
I and I think Dan feels the same way recently.
Like I think that realizing that arbitrary things,
like anything that makes you feel better,
giving...
Like deciding that a chair every time you see a chair every day
is going to remind you that humanity is important.
Like it's whatever fucking works for you.
Dan's not saying that therapy's bad.
Yeah, I am.
No, for you.
No, but you won't say definitively.
No, you don't.
You don't think it is.
I think for...
But I do think...
I think there's a fucking danger in it.
I do.
I agree.
I think that the idea of therapy is founded by...
Like there is no such thing as a revolutionary therapist.
There is no such thing as a person who sets up an office
in a mini mall and sits there with a clipboard
and waits for patients to come in
and sign their health insurance forms
and can't wait to tell that person
that everything they thought walking in is bullshit
and they need to go out and fucking up.
But when someone comes to you and says,
Dan, like, I have a therapist
and I don't know if I'm an asshole,
but this person works for me,
you don't say to them,
that's not true.
Like you're happy for people to do their own thing, right?
Marriage.
Right?
I mean, you're fine with people...
Yes, people who are already happy with the way things are going,
who are having weird speed bumps.
I think that there's ways.
We got another hand coming up from the middle of the crowd.
I don't know why.
I hope it's not...
Just okay.
I won't say what I hope it's not.
Hi.
Hello.
I'm a big fan.
All right. Well, thank you.
I just want to say that I didn't go to therapy
for a really long time
and I started going and she's amazing
and it's not because she tells me a thing new,
it's because she supports the ideas I already have
and she's a fucking awesome feminist.
All right.
Now tell her she's wrong.
Tell her her feelings are bad.
Tell her her joy is wrong.
Okay, all right.
Tell her she should buy a bottle of booze.
No, I got...
Oh, I drink plenty.
What's your...
Are you willing to say your name?
Yeah, I'm Zoe.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
I did go...
Okay, all right.
Here's where I come clean.
I went to a therapist once who I think was awesome.
Whoa!
Oh, shit!
And he was way too expensive, way too expensive.
Like if I had...
My mental health would have cost me my home, my everything.
I would have been under a bridge being like,
I get why this bridge deserves to be over me.
I just fucking bailed because I got nervous
because he was not covered by Blue Cross or Blue Shield or anything.
And I just bailed.
He was Jungian, he told me...
I'm saying like, Zoe's saying like,
she's probably a feminist.
She went to a therapist who's a feminist.
It's like, in other words, to extrapolate that,
you went to a therapist who's actually so activated that,
yeah, you didn't feel like you were sitting in a strip mall
with somebody who was an agent of compromise.
No, she challenges me, but if I tell her,
that's not how I feel.
She totally...
She wants you to be who you are and how she is.
Zoe actually doesn't have a mic right now.
That's just how activated she is.
She's booming out to it.
Her sense of self-worth.
I did go to a guy who was like this amazing guy
who was a Jungian guy who told me in her first session,
he said, go home.
It was all Jungian stuff and I'm into Campbell.
So you love therapy.
I like talking to this guy a little bit, kind of,
but it was like...
You got money, now go back to him, man.
But I'm telling you, I could be mentally unhealthy
and drive it around on a Tesla.
This Jungian guy was Carl Jung.
Zoe, can you pass the mic to her?
I'm just saying, you should see my therapist.
She's really supportive.
I may.
Can we bring her to Harmontown?
Shelly Wilson, her name.
EY.
Just really quick.
Really quick.
You like talking to a person, but not the title therapist.
You like talking to a person and relaying things
and actually having a conversation with someone
you feel has the credentials to talk to you.
But the therapist, the title therapist is just like too...
It gives them the right to take money from you
and all this stuff for just talking to a person.
Right.
You're saying that's how I feel.
Well, from what I'm taking from what you're saying.
Yes, that's how I feel.
It's like a dentist, but for your brain.
It's not fair.
There's a million bad dentists.
They're like, oh, your teeth are fucked up.
I'm going to drill here and drill there,
and it's like they're fucked up.
They don't go to school.
What they learn at school is how many teeth people have.
They don't learn it when it takes to have a fucking bite.
Yeah.
I'm agreeing with you.
But Zoe is saying like, you know, yeah.
It's like a therapist were called expert life livers.
You'd question everything about them,
but it's all different.
I mean, I figure I know.
This has been a long time coming.
I'm glad this size audience came here.
I've always been waiting to be called out on this.
I know I need to go back to therapy.
I know that nobody needs therapy more than me.
Someone who...
One of your ex-girlfriends is in the back.
It's cheering.
Somebody cheer like they're at a Bon Jovi concert.
And I very much respect...
I'm not even sure, young lady, what was your name?
Michelle.
I'm not even sure if you're on my side or Zoe's side
or somewhere in between,
but I respect everybody who's saying like, look,
that takes bravery.
It's a big throng where obviously all you'd have to do
to be on my side is go fuck therapy.
And yet there's...
All right, we have a hand up over here.
Just become a town hall.
She is a therapist.
Come on down.
Are you willing to come out?
Expert life, liver, ombre, sweater, looking healthy.
Are you okay coming up?
We don't bully people here.
Do you take writer's bill of insurance?
Have you been to the show before?
Yes.
Okay.
So, you know, we never pick on people.
No one's going to pick on you here.
That'll protest too much.
But it's okay.
You said you got pushed up here,
but you're okay being up here.
I'm okay being up here.
Okay.
All right.
What's your name?
My name's Amber.
Dr. Amber.
All right.
I just got licensed.
This Friday on The CW.
I'm so excited about the show.
This has been a long time coming.
I need to have my face rubbed in this section of the carpet.
I've been talking a lot of shit a long time about therapy.
I don't have a problem with what you've said.
If I did, it would go a little something.
Therapists are professional helpers and like any doctor,
if you don't like the first one,
you find another one that you do like.
Right.
There are a lot of shitty therapists
and therapists that take advantage of people
or are egotistical themselves,
but I went to school for a long time
to learn techniques to help.
And like Zoe's therapists and others,
some of them you find a good connection with someone
who's going to be real with you
and lead you to be a better you.
There's two things.
Just in the short time that you talked,
I was like, I want to say this.
I want to say that.
The...
I'm sorry, our time is up.
I really hope, Amber, that you get some money out of this.
When you go, I'll give her a pile of it.
You have to give it to 826LA though.
But when people go to study teeth in dental school,
what they learn is that there's a certain amount of teeth
that they exist in an ideal condition
in a certain row and things like that.
So the thing that scares me immediately
is the idea of the human mind
as an array of features
that's supposed to be arranged in a certain order.
That's the first thing that scares guys in my profession.
I'm not unique in that way.
Every hack writer in the world wants to hold onto his specialness
and thinks that it's going to be taken away.
And I tell 9 out of 10 of those people,
fuck you, you hack.
Stop using the fact that you did a rewrite
on The Pest with John Leguizamo
as an excuse to be mean to your girlfriend.
Go to therapy. You're being an asshole.
But me, that's a different matter.
I really got something to protect over here.
How do you respond to that idea
that other sciences are like a doctor goes,
okay, this is what a bone is supposed to do.
This is what a tooth is supposed to do.
This is what a liver is supposed to look like.
When you're dealing with the human mind,
not the brain, but the mind, the personality,
how do you guys, what do they teach you in...
In 144 characters.
To account for the fact that some people actually
are supposed to be a little bit crazy.
I think number one is we've had a lot of trouble
even being seen as a science.
And I'm a psychologist.
Not a psychiatrist, right.
I don't prescribe medication.
I do talk therapy and those kind of interventions.
So I see the human mind as messy.
It is not just black and white.
We're taught ways to get you to function better.
What's your definition of it not functioning?
I don't want to cut you off.
That's it.
What's your definition?
What's happening, you guys?
If I...
What's your definition of it not functioning?
If somebody comes up to you, I would hope,
if somebody said to you,
I'm having fights with my girlfriend.
I am going to marry her in November.
This is totally hypothetical about that.
He's asking for a friend.
He said, I just...
How do you account for...
I want to ask you a million questions,
but I guess I'm supposed to pay for it.
Well, how many patients do you have?
What fields do they come from?
Where's your office?
How long have you been doing this?
I just finished my postdoc a couple months ago,
so I'm starting to work at the VA.
I don't have a start date yet.
That's my new job.
You're working with veterans?
It'll be, yes.
It's like a veteran hospital in West LA.
But I was working at a private practice in Studio City,
and I saw kids and teens with autism and ADHD,
and I saw just regular adults,
and I worked at Kaiser for my internship,
where we saw, excuse me, everyone,
any walk of life psychosis to
I'm just having trouble with my fiance.
So not to put you at a spot,
but if you could...
What is your definition of...
I don't even want to say an unhealthy mind.
I want to say...
I would say if the people around you are worried,
and there's a consensus that
you could be doing better,
that would be indication number one.
That's terrifying!
That's Donald Sutherland in Body Snatchers.
If there's a consensus that you could be...
You know how that sounds.
But it would also be, do you think you could be doing better?
I mean, when someone comes into my office...
But what if I think I could be doing better
and everyone else thinks I could be doing better?
And what if I don't trust them?
Then I'd start thinking about certain diagnoses.
Then you'd send me to a psychiatrist.
But I would want to talk to those people
and spend more than just five minutes
in a strip mall with a clipboard.
I would spend a couple hours talking to you about
what's really going on, what are you worried about,
why are you concerned about coming to see me even?
What do you... I mean, you've already...
It's always... I'll answer your question,
although I'm not coming to see you.
I...
The last 11 therapists...
The last 11 times I've gone to a therapist
it's always been because it's make or break with the...
I'm always on the verge of, like,
I'm hurting somebody that I'm with.
I would say you've waited too long.
I'm glad.
I'm waiting for my mic to turn into a bouquet of flowers.
I just mean that if...
I think most people make the mistake of...
Waiting until...
It's a last resort.
I get that.
And I'm not a couple's therapist, but...
She's not on your side, Erin.
You're not listening to what she's really saying.
Some people do, like, preemptive,
you know, marriage counseling or couples counseling.
But that's, like, picking a scab, right?
It's like, you should have dealt with this
when it was bleeding.
No, no, no.
I think preemptive counseling is cool,
because...
I think it's super rad.
It's totally Bieber.
I mean, I'm really happy with our relationship right now,
but we do have a few communication issues,
so it would be nice to kind of work out a game plan
or just kind of have a...
This is one of the problems I would be coming to you with,
is that I have a fiance who tries to parlay any situation
and their political advantage.
I feel like...
That's not true.
Somebody's storming the stage.
Can you take that mic?
James, I'm coming humbly.
Well, go sit behind the table.
I'm coming humbly.
Or he's just gonna...
What's your name, sir?
James Lively.
James Lively?
Fake name.
I do fake name counseling.
You can go with maybe a John Smith or a...
My name is Most Likely.
My grandfather was a Hollywood writer.
No, no, no, crazy alcoholic, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I went to couples therapy.
Why do you have a microphone in your hand right now?
I don't know.
This undeserving douchebag that came up here,
that's what I am.
You have something to say about couples therapy.
If we track back the conversation a little bit,
what's interesting,
if you go back to your comment about diagnosing people...
No.
Diagnosing people who have a superiority complex.
It's troubling because those people are like Darwinian geniuses.
They're gonna take us all over, right?
They're like the technocratic,
like capitalistic geniuses.
But what's interesting about therapy
is it's like a bunch of angst rid
and people who decided that human compassion
is actually more important.
That's why they're diagnosing things like
superiority complex.
You expected an applause break that you did not get.
No, no, no, no.
I thought you were kind of like...
No, no, no.
As long as we're doing philosophy though,
you're a Socrates, you care enough
to listen to a rambling idiot like myself.
I'm not a Socrates guy.
Mr. Lively, you came up to support couples therapy, right?
No, no, no.
No, it's interesting.
Did I misunderstand?
I missed the thesis.
What's going on?
Yeah, I don't know that there's much of a thesis.
Get the fuck out the stairs!
He has sent me back down.
We can't all be on stage.
But it is notable that there are so many people
that are shooting their hands up in support of therapy.
There's got to be a way for you to gracefully...
I have a way.
Let's supplant James Lively.
Thank you very much, James Lively.
Let's bring up Spencer Crittendale.
Is he here?
He's not here?
He's not here!
Don't tell James Lively that.
I was sitting here with a message for you.
Oh, shit.
Where's Spencer?
He would like to take the week off.
Spencer has grown up.
He's like...
Thank you, James.
He's got his...
Thank you.
I have no idea what happened, but thank you.
Sorry, young lady.
I didn't know...
Doctor Amber, we were making headway here.
I think we were making headway here.
She gave it to me.
Oh, well, she's...
Yes.
Hi, Dan.
Would you consider seeing somebody like Doctor Amber
or somebody in her ilk?
I don't know if I would...
If her name was Doctor Amber, I would...
I would feel too nervous that when I came home
and my fiancee asked me how it went with Doctor Amber,
I would be like,
Fine!
And it would be like...
I made lots of...
Yeah.
Earlier, you said that Doctor Amber wasn't on my side.
Yes, you were, right?
Amber, Amber, don't pick sides.
Not in an on my side thing.
I mean, I think they're fine with us.
Everything's fine.
No, I know.
We could have some tools.
We could use some tools.
Dan, let's just say, hypothetically,
you started going to sessions with Doctor Amber, let's say.
But Erin started...
She comes back smelling like pina coladas.
But Erin started also seeing one of her other doctors...
Dr. Thor.
We meet in Asana.
That's where his office is, Dan.
I wanted to actually...
I think Doctor Amber, I think that's a weird name
to give a person who's a doctor.
It sounds like a strip cheese is imminent.
I think it's valuable that I am for the last...
At least a year and a half.
Get those dollars out, gentlemen.
Taking a shit on the profession of therapy in general.
And I don't know.
I would like to hear out any perspective from that side.
We never have anybody up here who has the guts to say,
okay, I do that thing for a living and I'm not a piece of shit
and I don't...
I don't pray on people and I'm not an agent of compromise.
I do just want people to feel good about themselves,
regardless of how crazy they are.
That's the thing that I want to understand.
She likes you and appreciates you.
I like Doctor Amber.
I think you should go to Doctor Amber.
Amber, how many towns have you heard or have been to?
Oh, I listen regularly.
You should go to Doctor Amber!
What about where I go?
This is a larger, important issue.
I have a follow-up question.
Does something come to your mind?
I wouldn't ask you to diagnose Dan, but...
But you will in this moment.
But having heard, basically, Harmontown is nothing more
than just a huge soliloquy of what's going on with him.
Is there any diagnosis that comes to mind?
You don't have an answer.
I mean, honestly, I don't have an answer for that.
There isn't one that comes to mind.
Is that really your business diagnosis?
No, I shouldn't diagnose having just heard a podcast.
But also either...
Doctor Amber for life!
Maybe we'll all be stuck in Amber!
A psychologist doesn't diagnose, do they?
They don't prescribe anything.
When you do diagnose, we use the DSM-5 now,
but that is by the American Psychiatric Association.
They all sound like real things.
They are real.
But they're the ones that can push medication,
and so if they come up with diagnoses,
more of you can qualify for those medications.
If I took insurance and you came to me
and I wanted to be reimbursed for helping you and everything,
I would need to give you a diagnosis.
Kind of a conflict of interest.
It's a terrible system.
Because you need to actually come up with a label
for a person who happens to just have a problem with the way the world is.
What a weird conflict of interest.
That's not to say that you have wasted your life in your occupation
or that you're not a good person.
But I will say that means I'm fucking right.
That is fucking horse shit.
That's capitalism in action.
If you have a problem with the way the world works,
you're supposed to go to someone in a kiosk,
and they are beholden not to your condition,
not to your happiness,
and not even to the happiness of anyone around you,
but to the happiness of your fucking healthcare provider.
They're beholden to corporations, definitions of mental health.
There is no such thing as mental health as defined by a corporation.
A corporation defines normality as corporations being human beings
and having votes influencing society.
That's insanity.
It's insanity that corporations have any power over anybody.
That's automatically insane.
You wake up in an insane world.
You wake up in a world of psychosis.
So by definition, if you feel psychotic,
if you think rivers are red and the sky is purple,
you may possibly be sane.
You may be the only sane person in the world.
Taste the rainbow?
Fuck you, Skittles!
You can't taste a rainbow!
Pacing Dr. Hamburg.
Code red.
They will tell you that you can taste a rainbow.
Code rainbow.
And it's not your fault, but you are part of the beehive,
and that's why I don't do it.
I don't do it. I won't taste the rainbow.
Do you have any pets, Dr. Amber?
I have two cats.
Dolly and Jezi.
Let's go to Dr. Amber.
I went to school not to learn what the diagnoses are,
but I went to school to learn how to help people who present with a certain problem.
Lots of psychologists, lots of people are unhappy with the DSM,
if people know what that is, the big book of mental illness.
There's huge controversy about it,
but I can still be a psychologist and throw some label on something,
but still treat the real issue.
If you have something you want to work on, we work on that,
and I don't think too much about something I wrote on an insurance form.
But you have to write something.
If I take the insurance I have to, if I took cash, I'd say,
you're just troubled, let's just talk.
How much cash would you take?
How much are you willing to get?
Fucking too much for me to keep coming back.
If you happen to be a really smart fucking dude
who had a bunch of fucking problems,
I would go bankrupt trying to set my mind straight.
Maybe.
For sure.
I mean, most charge between $150 and $200 an hour.
What?
The dude that was working on me was charging more than my rent a month.
It was like, I loved it.
He was great, but fucking whatever.
Apparently, being mentally healthy means you can't live in this society,
which is what I thought walking in the door.
That's what makes me crazy.
If tomorrow seems weird, maybe it needs to keep seeming weird.
I don't know.
If you're talking to a fire hydrant, everybody drives by you
and pats their pockets as they walk by.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
You keep sliding the lever down from there.
It's like, I'm talking to a fire hydrant. I'm talking to a rainbow.
I'm talking to a palm tree. I'm talking to children.
I'm talking to the concept of happiness.
I'm talking to the TV industry.
My dad worked in TV. I had a job.
Meanwhile, somebody else is like,
well, I might be talking to a fire hydrant,
but I got to be a dishwasher.
But my family doesn't have any money, so I'm out in the street
and wandering around, hitting myself in the head.
Some of those people are Habsburgs in the 17th century.
It depends on the support system.
It's fucking money.
Everybody's got chemical imbalances.
Everybody's got a blue drop of liquid in their brain
and a green drop of liquid,
and it's like a little balance in their head.
Good news is no one's going to make you go to therapy.
I know nobody's going to make me go to therapy.
I'm trying to set the shit straight once and for all.
I'm shuffling off this mortal coil.
I'm done with this planet.
I have done, I made it.
I fucking won.
I don't need shit.
What I would like to do is look back on this monopoly game
from wherever Beyond Go is and go,
fuck you, people.
What did you think was the point of the game?
It's called jail.
How many years?
Because, I mean, the point of the game
is to have a certain amount of red hotels
and a certain amount of squares.
I just want to understand,
what do I have to do to be a good person?
Because I want to have a kid.
I want to have two kids.
I want to spend the rest of my life.
I want to slowly crumble into a skeleton
and crumble into dust
and leave a kid behind me.
You want to leave a kid behind a skeleton?
Yes, Jeff, that's called parenthood.
You don't want to leave a kid in front of a skeleton.
That's bad.
Dad, let's throw a baseball. Oh my God!
I'm sorry, you're stranded up here.
Do you have any final words for your vocation?
I think you seem like a really...
I love Dr. Hammer.
Definitely a hero for coming up here.
I also like Dr. Hammer.
Is there anything else?
Dr. Hammer!
I feel like I have to give some sort of message.
Therapy is not for everyone,
but if you're interested,
try a few until you find one that works.
You do hear people talk about it tonight,
and it is just finding a connection with someone else.
If it's not a therapist,
your podcast is your therapy, I think.
Would you agree?
Okay, so stay up here for a second.
Now you're trapped.
Because this brings up a good point.
A dentist gets to say,
this is where your molar should be.
If your molar is in the front,
then there's something wrong,
and the dentist can say...
Why are the teeth thinking?
Because it's an easy analogy
to compare it to another science.
Okay.
So with the mind,
as Amber is saying,
it's obviously more nuance than that.
However, according to the insurance companies,
it ain't.
That's the problem.
So what I'm saying to Amber is,
in view of that,
and the fact that that's how it is,
is your suggestion to people
that, unlike a dentist,
with therapy,
it's beholden upon the consumer
to actually explore
as much as they would with a romantic relationship.
You have to actually speed date.
Totally.
If you go to your first therapist,
and you're happy,
you're fucking up, maybe.
And you're not really talking to your dentist.
The way that you might...
And your teeth are set in order.
By order of six million years of evolution,
whereas your brain is...
I'm saying, like,
so all of you out there
who are happy with your first therapist,
you're about as happy as people who married
out of high school.
Go fuck yourself.
Oh, well done!
Yeah.
Fuck you.
Fuck all of you.
Oh, well done!
Enjoy your divorce!
Stacy and Steve.
Oh, you were so cute together, remember?
You fucked up!
What do you think the odds were?
Sorry, Zoe, you're raising your hand.
I have something to say.
Amber's like,
God damn it,
what do I got to do to get out of here?
Act three.
So, my first therapist was the one who got...
helped me get out of my first unhappy marriage.
Okay, all right.
It's a good one.
I'm serious.
All right, it's fine.
Yeah.
Well, when you put a human face on it,
okay, it's fine, Zoe.
But don't you think your second therapist
might have made you really mentally healthy?
To be fair, my therapist doesn't take insurance,
so she's not beholden to anyone.
I think you're a little jaded,
and people, if you need therapy,
you should really pursue it.
Don't listen to this guy.
It's amazing.
I agree with that.
Yeah, you don't want to listen to a fat-rich millionaire
who doesn't speak for...
Yeah, I agree with that.
I'm also a millionaire.
Well, okay, now, see, that doesn't...
It's not a competition, I'm saying.
I don't represent...
It was until it was.
A fat-rich millionaire with hair on his back.
All right, I was a proper...
I was a proper lost for a long time.
I didn't believe in therapy,
and then I was so unhappy that I started going,
and it's incredible.
I...
Everyone should do it if you want to.
First therapist.
She's on her first therapist.
She's amazing.
First therapist.
Right out of high school.
I'm 29 years old.
What time?
29.
I've only been going on tour for like a year.
Well, still, first therapist.
But seriously, it's someone who supports you
and cares about you,
and they're unbiased.
Not as much as your second therapist.
I don't know, man.
So are you saying my second husband
is going to like me better than my first husband did?
Yes.
I'm looking for...
I think my first joke would get a bigger laugh
than the callback.
Don't be so mean to my first therapist.
She's really nice.
I believe you.
I believe you, Zoe.
I'm not...
No one's happy when they get married out of high school.
It's totally different.
It's two different things.
Therapy.
Zoe, I believe...
No, Zoe, we...
Zoe, I believe you.
I'm just saying, go to therapy if you want to.
It's amazing.
Yes.
Don't get married, though.
Never again!
I think that's perfect, though.
I mean, that's perfect.
But really, everyone should stick with their first therapist.
They don't have to, they go to...
No, no, that's fine.
That's the point, though.
I'm not being cynical.
I'm not being an asshole.
No, no, no.
What that represents is the big pudding of...
You should think of therapy.
I'm saying, Amber, you agree that...
Because you're being like...
And I don't want to throw you under the bus,
but you're saying in this world where you have to...
We should definitely all seek therapy, number one.
Number two, we should all be really picky.
I don't think she said that.
No, she didn't say that we should all seek therapy.
Don't throw her under the bus at all.
I don't understand.
She's, this is Amber!
Alright, let's let Amber go, so we don't embarrass her anymore.
She did a good job.
Amber's a hero.
Dr. Amber, get stuck in Amber today!
Thank you very much.
I hope we didn't embarrass her too much.
I thought she was...
All Harmontown fans that come up on stage are fantastic.
But that was a tough, that was Daniel and the Lions done.
Dr. Amber, I think she acquitted herself quite nicely.
No, absolutely.
I also think it's kind of an interesting idea,
you meeting with a therapist who listens to the podcast,
because obviously they appreciate you in a certain way.
I also think Zoe's standing up and being like,
oh my god, my fucking therapist is...
No, I think it's great to love your therapist.
It all mitigates the whole thing.
I mean, all I do is stand up here and like,
I don't want to be like some jagged, weird,
charcoal rock guy going, yeah, therapist,
bullshit, I'm going to cut you if you come near me.
Am I wrong?
Aaron, you support the idea of dead getting therapy.
You have too much in your head, like a weird,
a weird microphone porn.
It's so funny that I can move them in a way
that makes it a total, like there's a total...
Practice makes perfect.
Special video bonus for that joke.
What if I felt some weird pressure to blow a mic
because of the video?
No, I mean, Dan's fired up.
I'm into that.
Just in general?
No, I mean, speaking, there are passionate feelings
on the podcast.
Answer the question.
You know, I don't actually think that Dan needs therapy.
You know why?
Because you told her to say that.
No, because Turnabout's fair play.
That's why.
Because for the same reason I love her,
and I'm going to marry her,
because she don't want to go to her therapist.
I also...
Because I have the same relationship with therapy,
but I also understand it.
I can't let go of the other mic.
The last thing she needs is me coming home with you.
But I do want to do...
I would like to go to a couple's therapist
so just so we can have tools.
Just for tools!
Erin, Erin, it's good news
because I'm about to introduce a new segment.
No!
It's called Turnabout Therapy is Fair Play.
You guys get to be the each other's therapist for a moment.
Oh, okay.
No, everyone hates it.
The audience rejected your bet.
The audience doesn't want it.
It sounds like a bad idea.
They rejected it based on the title.
May I reveal...
NBC executive.
They know a failure when they hear it.
May I reveal a fantasy...
A couple nights.
I would like to reveal...
Do you have one more microphone?
May I reveal a fantasy...
Someone else are they flaccid.
Yes, they are, sir.
Yes, they are.
Don't tell her how to have a good...
Because they respect me.
They're flaccid because they respect you.
Because they're going to listen to me.
And I haven't spoken yet.
They're going to become a wrecked once I've said...
Erin subscribes to a really high-priced,
tedious brand of pornography
in which the woman is surrounded by flaccid penises.
A woman is surrounded by flaccid penises.
All the men are like...
She's too much, bro.
I agree.
I just can't get turned on.
She's so smart.
I was going to come,
but she made a really good point just now.
And the point is me just rubbing my face
against them like beaded curtains.
Okay, this is my fantasy.
This is my fantasy.
My fantasy just came true.
We only have a few minutes left.
We're going to keep this bullet train moving.
Dear Spencer is not here,
but I have always fantasized.
I mean, I...
Wow, wow.
Wait a second.
I shouldn't be using the word fantasy.
I...
It's no secret.
My beard gently nestles under your tits.
Slowly walking up his heart behind you
with polyhedral balls.
He sticks a dice tower.
What?
In my fantasy, Spencer has polyhedral balls.
Yeah, that'd be neat.
I am not a celebrated, excellent player of D&D.
But I have always fantasized
about maybe just Dungeon Mastering for a second.
And...
Oh.
I don't know.
Yeah.
If I could just Dungeon...
Like, just my own world,
I'll give you guys characters just out of my head
and we can just...
and just let me do it for a second.
This could go horribly.
I have no pickets either.
I'm going to do it.
For no reason, she's moving to another microphone.
She has no dice.
She could have stayed right where she was.
No way.
Hopped by Nature's Finish.
If you could play the music
and I'll recap what happened last week.
Really quick, Jeff's character is a pillar head.
And Dan's character is Shania Twain.
I want to check in with Dr. Amber after this is done.
Eric, you ready?
Yeah.
But...
Last week on Arons and Dragons,
pillar head and Shania Twain were traveling
through a dark cave filled with amethyst rock
and small boxes filled with presents.
Shania Twain didn't know what to get
for her mother-in-law's birthday.
And pillar head was irritated by how much emphasis
she was putting on her mother-in-law's birthday.
Also, a goblin named Nosferatu
was following after him with bags of blood
that he was going to devour
and then they were going to metabolize
into flames of death.
Will Nosferatu catch up with Shania Twain
and pillar head?
Or will pillar head finally confess
his love of pillars?
Who knows what will happen this week
on Arons and...
Dragons!
Well, as a 17th level samurai,
I take out my samurai sword,
which has a plus 11 against Nosferatu.
Goblins.
I do a lunging, dazzling display.
He's not in your visibility.
You don't see him.
He's falling behind you.
Right now, you're just looking for a present
for Shania Twain's mother-in-law.
Okay.
I amend that and I do a dazzling shopping spree.
All right.
You find an appropriate hat.
Shania, I have found the appropriate hat.
My God, that's the hat that my ancestors swore
I should hate.
Yes, but this hat will be nothing
without appropriate accoutrements.
I inspect my surroundings in really, really granular detail.
You look around the cave to the right,
you see what looks like a plasticized Harrison Ford
in Star Wars.
What?
Someone had a stroke.
You look and you see what looks like different gems
trapped beneath like an ice, but the ice is not cold.
It looks like Harrison Ford?
Well, it's kind of similar to Star Wars
where he's stuck in the thing.
Carbonite?
Carbonite.
Okay.
So there's gems frozen in a certain...
There are gems and you see different shapes
and you also see tiny boxes to the right.
Shania Twain, use your ability to unfreeze gems.
I'd just like to keep looking around for a second.
I just want to keep looking.
I saw that and I just keep looking.
All right.
I'm turning my head really slowly and I'm taking in every detail.
You see in front of you a giant golden swan,
mouth, beak, a gape,
tongue out,
on the tongue.
You see what look like hundreds of colored threads
and they're floating, they're moving,
they're jumping up and down like they're alive.
Okay.
I detect magic.
There is magic there.
Okay.
I approach the swan.
The threads see, like, rise their heads
like they're snakes and they start hissing at you.
I sense motive.
You don't roll high enough.
I grab the swan by the neck.
The swan's neck starts to move around and comes alive.
Are you wish to find a gift?
Yes.
I already have the perfect hat,
but I think it could use maybe a nice accent,
like a brooch or something.
I feel like you are being too cast.
Do you know who I am?
I'm sorry.
Come again?
The answer is no.
I don't know who you are.
The swan of Durg-a-Durg.
Does not repeat herself.
I'll try to have a snake.
I let go of her neck.
The swan of Durg-a-Durg.
Durg-a-Durg.
I am the swan of Durg-a-Durg.
I push and I twain the side.
The swan of Durg-a-Durg.
Does not repeat herself.
I shake him up.
I'm taking a knee.
I'm the swan of Durg-a-Durg.
Durg-a-Durg.
That's the last time I will repeat my name.
As a rule, I don't repeat myself,
but I've made some exceptions.
There will be no more made tonight.
I am the swan of Durg-a-Durg.
I will not repeat myself again.
The swan of Durg-a-Durg.
I swear to God, we meant new harm.
I'm sorry I grabbed your neck by mistake.
I cast flaming orb.
Where do you shoot the orb?
At the swan of Durg-a-Durg.
Where? Durg-a-Durg.
Where do you shoot at?
Right at the swan's open beak mouth.
Okay.
You inflict two damage on the swan of Durg-a-Durg.
He means no harm.
I was here to help you, but now I'm here to defeat you.
It's the swan of Durg-a-Durg's turn.
The swan of Durg-a-Durg spits a poison egg
and hits pillar head in the face
and inflicts four damage.
Okay.
Poison egg? Egg damage.
Swan of Durg-a-Durg, I'm sorry.
We're sorry.
We mistook you for something else.
We have traveled long and hard.
We have encountered many demons and denizens.
You better be careful because you don't want to meet my master.
No, we do not.
We just want to hang out in a cave with you.
We don't want any trouble.
I had a lot of nice gifts in my beak
and now I will not share them with you.
That's fine. We accept that punishment.
But we have no quarrel with you, madam.
I swing my swag bag.
God damn it.
I swing my swag bag of holding
and I throw a bunch of CDs that were given to me.
And I aim the CDs at Swan's Achilles' Tendons.
Alright.
It does nothing because there are CDs.
It does nothing.
That happened.
That happened. That happened.
But nothing happened.
You got to work on that.
I touch the Swans' waterfowl cheek.
Yeah.
Yes.
Do you see me?
Like, for me?
I do. I really do.
People always see this monstrous snake swan,
but are you really looking at me?
I don't even know what you mean.
I see a beam of light when I look at you.
I see who you are.
I see your playlist.
I see your favorite color.
I see all the things that your high school friends hated.
The swan-a-durg-a-durg disappears, falls to the ground,
and what you see in front of you is a beautiful young princess
holding a pearl in her hand.
She looks like a Sigourney Weaver at 12.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for qualifying that.
You saved me.
12 or 13.
There's a difference.
12 in swan-lady years, which is 18 in human years.
I cast Dr. Ember.
A swan-woman lady.
I'm Durg-a-durg.
Durg-a-durg.
You saved me from this terrible spell.
I've been existing as a terrible snake swan for a very long time,
providing gifts for people that were seeking gifts for people that they didn't care about very much.
We are just here to fulfill our quest,
and possibly, if it behooves you, buy you beer.
Whatever you want.
I'm afraid that the moment that I turn into a human princess
is five moments before my death.
So here's my pearl, and she dies.
Wow, we did it! We won!
Thank you for coming to Homestead.
To the block on the dock!
Erin McAddie!
What a Dungeon Mistress!
Dungeon Mistress.
Thank you, Erin.
Also, James Lively.
Dr. Ember is Zoe Michelle.
Zoe, thank you.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
Thank you for giving me an 826LA, and Google it and see what you can do for now, and whatever.
Thanks for coming out in droves, and we'll see you next week.
Thank you, guys.